# Terraform blocks documentation

* <a href="#lambda.tf">iam.tf</a>
  * <a href="#aws_iam_role.iam_for_lambda">aws_iam_role.iam_for_lambda</a>
  * <a href="#aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.lambda_policy">aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.lambda_policy</a>
  * <a href="#aws_iam_role_policy.dynamodb_lambda_policy">aws_iam_role_policy.dynamodb_lambda_policy</a>
* <a href="#lambda.tf">lambda.tf</a>
  * <a href="#data.archive_file.lambda_functions_zip">data.archive_file.lambda_functions_zip</a>
  * <a href="#aws_lambda_functionlambda_functions">aws_lambda_function.lambda_functions</a>

---

## iam.tf

### aws_iam_role.iam_for_lambda

This IAM role is specifically created for AWS Lambda functions.

It allows Lambda functions to assume this role, enabling them to inherit its permissions.

<br>

### aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.lambda_policy

This resource attaches the AWS managed policy "AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole" to the IAM role created for AWS Lambda.

This policy grants essential permissions required for Lambda functions to execute.

<br>

### aws_iam_role_policy.dynamodb_lambda_policy

This IAM policy defines permissions that allow AWS Lambda functions to access and perform operations on DynamoDB tables.

---

## lambda.tf

### data.archive_file.lambda_functions_zip

This data block creates an archive file in ZIP format for AWS Lambda functions.

It iterates over the list of Lambda functions specified in the variable "var.lambda_functions"

For each Lambda function, it takes the corresponding Python script from the "lambdas" directory and creates a ZIP archive containing the script.

The resulting ZIP files are used as source code for AWS Lambda functions.

<br>

###  aws_lambda_function.lambda_functions

This resource block defines AWS Lambda functions based on the specifications provided in the "var.lambda_functions" variable.

It creates Lambda functions using the ZIP archives generated by the "data.archive_file" block.

Each Lambda function has a unique name, source code, and configuration as specified in the variable.

Additionally, the IAM role defined in "aws_iam_role.iam_for_lambda" is associated with each Lambda function, granting it the necessary permissions.

Tags are also added to the Lambda functions for better identification and description.
